let's go finding allies gathering plus
daily northernlion here yesterday we
came 86 1.05 percentile pretty good
score today's run is Anna's asel run
that goes to Scholl which means it's
Anna's able run that goes to delirium if
possible I'm ready to go been playing
well lately you have no way of knowing
that I'm not going to spoil the series
for you but I recorded a bunch yesterday
and I feel like it got a little bit of
my isaac mojo back but it daily is not
just about winning a kiss is not a
contract but it's very nice it's very
very nice
all we need to do is not take damage I'm
going to go out on a limb and say that
if we don't take damage on today's daily
we're going to rank pretty well as long
as we don't just you know
Minkus it and just stand here for like
three hours and then go well I'm not
taking damage where's my a score or I
don't know what that I hope this looks
is supposed to be I also don't know what
it means to Minkus something I think
that was the nerd from Boy Meets World
but I didn't get NBC's must-see TV
Thursday night lineup that's a Friday
that's a TGIF but I didn't get that
either so you know it's not like we only
had NBC one day of the week that would
be unusual as well by the way top scores
today let's go back and check 55,000 is
number one and 47,000 is number 30 so if
we want to hit that front page we're
going to be between 47 and 55,000 we
haven't had a front page score in quite
some time it doesn't mean it's
impossible though does mean that perhaps
some mildly unlikely uh there must have
been two pennies on top of each other
there because that takes us to six cents
honestly
yesterday's daily was basically possible
for us to rank well because of the fact
that we hit five cents on the very first
floor got an incredibly I mean maybe not
incredibly but a very unlikely arcade
come on now and then that arcade ended
up giving us IV vonage I think
can't remember I mean it's been 24 hours
since that run but in all honesty it's
been like six Isaac run since that run
so it's become sort of diluted in memory
repeating of course but with all that
being said maybe we'll get an arcade
here and have something similar happen I
mean I'm not too attached to the brown
nugget it's not terrible but it's not a
compulsory part of our experience you're
2020 very very excellent we can fly so
we should just put that there and we'll
go back to that spirit art we have to go
back anyway to explore we might as well
just you know finish going in the
direction we're going in for now
probably a secret room beneath us and
well it could be a secret room adjacent
as well to that room right there but
right now we're looking for our deal
with the devil and I'd love it to be
brimstone of course but I would really
really love it to also be a space bar
item that benefits from battery charges
like a Book of Revelations for example
range upgrade luck upgrade always useful
as Azazel and then Abaddon so it's one
of these runs and by that I simply mean
is extremely good we have eight point
seven eight damage effectively times two
right now we don't even need the spirit
hearts that we just earned from that
tinted rock as a result of the fact that
we might as well push the button at
least as a result of the fact that you
know we're kind of balling out of
control here honestly you're going to
think that this is like the ultimate
dick move but what do I care about
picking up ghost baby it's negative
points for effectively no reason now we
can admittedly take that all the way to
absurdity and be like well why pick up
blood bag we don't need HP I'm not going
to do that but ghost baby on a run
that's this strong already basically
literally provides no benefit at least
blood bag you know the speed upgrade
along with the HP this has to be our
secret room it's the only thing that
makes sense in this crazy mixed-up world
it's not our secret room in hindsight we
might have been able to find whether or
not it was our secret room via the bomb
that blew up the tinted rock in the
first
but we got a check we got a check he has
not done it we got a bomb instead of a
key I could have used the key to open
the golden chest back there the only
reason I didn't was because I wanted to
save a key for the arcade so I would
consider this like not an arcade sorry
our item room on the next floor so I
consider this like kind of a whiff but
I'll see what we get here come on come
on come on come on you got you got me
you got me he's done it to HP we might
as well hold it you know we can use that
for easy deal with the devil access and
have no concerns honestly
runs like really really really good
right now
probably our secret room there uh like
rarely do you have a run we're on the
third floor you go oh the lyrium no
problem you know it's like on your first
day of kindergarten you're like you know
astrophysics
sign me up another health upgrade is it
a legitimate health upgrade as well
which we know because of the fact that
we don't have zero health and it still
gave us health you know I mean so we're
like unfathomably strong right now
basically one of the strongest starts to
a daily perhaps in Earth's history is if
this is a comeuppance for like you know
recent dailies that haven't been
particularly strong maybe not in the
past like week or so but you know in the
past month or so then honestly apology
accepted it's going to be a hot
leaderboard today it's an easy daily it
seems like let's not count our chickens
before they hatch yet it's an easy daily
and it has the added benefit of being on
a Saturday so like this could be one of
those runs where you come in like you
know four hundredths place but still
ranked in the top few percent now that's
a tough decision a was I mean we don't
we're not doing anything with the fool
card but what are we going to do oh
mylanta
guppies head what are we going to do
with an eihwaz room we probably will not
be able to get to 15 cents here anyway
so I'm going to choose not
to stress out about the fact that there
is a swallowed penny in there that
interests me a great deal seven cents I
don't know might be possible but we'll
give it some time
I feel like fire mind actually does
nothing for us here is this might this
is my final daily evolution is just I
don't pick up any items anymore well
admittedly though fire mine does nothing
is hazel if we were to transform we
would get fire mine but probably not
even wanted that much as a result of the
fact that you know the whole blowing
yourself up accidentally sort of thing
going on so um I think we just whole day
was we should look for a tinted rock I
didn't really give it more than a
cursory glance here as we go back we've
only been here once on this run
certainly an acceptable amount of damage
I'm a little surprised here what's the
matter you couldn't give me a deal with
the devil and then the deal with the
devil gives me two more guppy items and
then oh by the way if you have guppy you
just like win the game instantly and
here's the highest score you've ever had
like I get it is a bad joke but at the
same time the way this daily is going so
far that's what you got to kind of come
to expect here I should have maybe look
for the second secret room in the hopes
of making a crooked penny work for us
but whatever this daily is like where
was this daily and I'm not being bitter
about it I know that's like on brand for
for the northernlion character a
registered trademark of northernlion
industries butter bean not even wait
what huh man this run stinks but I'm not
not being mad about it I'm just saying
there was a really really good time for
us to have a daily that was this strong
and that really really good time was
like eight days ago when I couldn't buy
a win you know I was getting my butt
kicked at every available opportunity
what we should recognize though in the
interest of managing expectations and
also not making myself needlessly look
like a total fool is that the void fight
is still really difficult as azazel with
near bass range you know even getting
like a few range upgrades is basically
worth not
when it comes to fighting when it comes
to fighting delirium specifically so
don't necessarily write this off as an
easy delirium kill but we're going to
try to fight delirium NE ha we're going
to try to fight the lyrium anyway
because can't sleep at night if I if I
start hitting the alt f4 key there even
though it is the sensible option is that
self-righteous probably but you know
what it was also a lie to begin with I
sleep very well at night I'd I used to
have insomnia to a great degree well not
a good not like a critical degree nor a
clinical degree I should say but are you
saying you know maybe like three or four
times a month once a week I'd like just
can't get to sleep get like 2 or 3 hours
of sleep a night
now sleep like a baby earbuds in Dan
Carlin's hardcore history podcast yeah
there's only one episode every you know
eight years you can listen to them over
and over in this you know always
experience something new
highly recommended although if you
listen to me for background noise as you
fall asleep definitely continue to do
that I don't want to lose my position as
one of the top 15 or 20 thousand you
know background noise generators on
planet Earth if I can avoid it
you know that's my wheelhouse of my lot
in life then I'm content honestly so we
got some very good stuff there we should
take pageant boy maybe get a luck
upgrade the money is kind of secondary
at this point but we should go to our
shop as well which we already did and it
was greed that's right 1.75 speed is
more than enough here we don't need to
really work for for bloodbag because the
speed upgrade is again very secondary
this is really like where we're going to
feel the happiest about the fact that we
have extra charges in between rooms
because mega fatty is otherwise of
course extremely annoying
okay so we're pretty much out of here
still holding a nail odds room for
really god knows what reason at this
point
that's not our secret room this must be
then I'm losing my mind we should look
for it I mean I think I overestimate how
useful it actually is from a point
sample with secret room can't be there
well luckily I did just say I think I
overestimated usefulness because I'm
about to probably leave without it hmmmm
this is actually a tough call right now
because guppies head is suite IV bag is
also like a breakable caliber item I
think I'm just going to go with Guppies
head you know we're in such a great
situation here I don't want to risk it
what I do want to get is like 45,000
points and even on some of our best
dailies lately 45,000 has been outside
of the realm of attainability
well I mean we literally got 45,000
yesterday I think so maybe just
completely ignore what I just said
because it's patently false as proved by
myself the rare cell phone you know what
we call that egg on its own face
checchina poop
a low dangled phone trying to speak
French so trying to broaden his horizons
would an idiot okay we'll take the pact
we should have taken the pact second
because I do want to take a Fame as well
and this would have worked extremely
well with IV bag but we're gonna get our
HP back anyway I'm fairly happy I'm
fairly optimistic about our chances
there this is a chariot card which it is
we should be able to go in here I hit Q
I guess I'm glad it didn't pop but I
kind of wanted it to we should really be
thinking at this point is there another
way for us to get mad money jim cramer
style here you remember Jim Cramer the
guy from Seinfeld
he's always busted into Jerry's house
ago Jerry by Tesla stock that Elon Musk
he's come some good ideas Jerry plus
he's a space alien not a good Kramer
impression Jim Ward Cosmo but you have
the idea why not the court is well worth
it I think at this point the moon card X
moon and a was are both teleporters
right now as far as I'm concerned but I
don't know what to do with them because
it's one of the few runs in which we
don't really need a seam so I'm very
confused as to what to do with this like
I suppose one thing we could do is use
well I mean hear me out here I love the
range upgrade by the way we're starting
to get to the point where I don't feel
too badly about this if we go to show
instead of going directly to the void
and then the Delirium fight we might be
able to find a self sacrifice room that
takes us to to the chest or to the dark
room and that's your Wooster I guess if
we're going to show I mean it you can go
to show with the Polaroid so I think
it's up in the air like a George Clooney
film right now like a Vera Farmiga film
appreciate the luck upgrades we
definitely do not need sharp plug
which means that we definitely do not
need anything here
we'll probably take both eternal hearts
just because we can but we could go
there and hope for a self-sacrifice room
but there's some problems with this
theory I think if there's not a
self-sacrifice room we lose pretty big
we've already found a regular secret
room with ten bombs we can start to look
for second secret rooms give it a shot
at least if there is a self-sacrifice
room we might still lose big all right
I'm out because we'll take a huge damage
penalty in the process of making that
dream work there so I'm not necessarily
sure that that's the right course of
action and by not necessarily sure I
mean I'm like 99% sure that that's not
the course of action we take here
cricket's body is cranked up our game is
pretty extremely here
despite the banget I haven't become
guffy which was kind of like you know it
was my pet cause ah haha pun not
intended but then I'm going to act like
it's intended because it makes me seem
more clever and it was kind of my pet
cons for this run but at the same time
you see because guppy is a cat which is
a domesticated animal commonly I'm gonna
say used as a house pet but used it
sends the wrong message there I think
what I mean to say is that despite the
fact that we haven't gotten guppy the
run is still amazing and has become more
amazing recently like the succubus
pickup is incredible to infested pills
and we're really like probably a
thousand points ahead of where we'd
normally be at this point on a daily
largely that comes down to them has to
be wait what which gives us unlimited
bombs but I don't actually know if
that's worth anything right now it comes
down to the fact that we have 97 cents
right now soon to be 99 as indicated
we shouldn't take much if any more
damage on boss rush like there is a
concern with that and the concern is our
range as always especially when we're
fighting enemies like those guys that
can explode having low range is you know
the mildest of mild problems on a run
like this so very surprised we have not
recovered our HP Clancy Ori I mean we've
recovered some HP we haven't recovered
you know a ton of HP is what I mean to
say a possible secret room indeed not on
a daily ok not on a daily which we've
got a great chance
I'm as a master never forget I'm the
same master I still got it
I'm still hip Tukka Tukka Tukka Tukka
Tukka Tukka Tukka no but we're we're
still fine but I wanted I'm on the
greatest role of my Isaac career I want
to keep the I want to keep the momentum
coming here I don't know plank card it
was blank card is really really good I
would miss the Flies
but ghost pepper is not going to be that
good for us so I guess you go blank art
and then we'll choose
[Music]
since we don't have to I mean we don't
get any benefit basically out of rolling
blank card like right off the bat so we
might as well just hold it there and
then we can decide if we want to use
blank cards the thing about blank card
is that from a boring like oh I'm an
adult and something something equity
standpoint stupid idiots probably pizza
with a knife and fork the lame-o's yeah
they probably make charitable
contributions for their community too
what a bunch of losers okay flies this
would be a great time for you to get in
there but in in a lame way blank card is
a really fun and Cooling hip of course
one of the hippest there is but also
gives us the chance to really amp up our
points via the like blank card to a
spades to a clubs combo you know
whatever we're able to get so I kind of
feel like we should go for the blank
card no matter what our damage is so
good I mean it's kind of it's a weird
what's the inverse of a catch-22
catching a paw invented uh you don't
save ante till you just say fans do it
anyway
look I basically speak French added like
below kid kid nerd kindergarten level
fairly as big English ed below a
kindergarten level as well look I don't
have a five-year-old child I don't say
the word kindergarten very often
how all the people start kindergarten ad
but also very German word so I'm not
gonna we should just call it you know I
call it waste of tax dollars no but we
should just call it you know the garden
of the children that's that makes more
sense for some reason that sounds creepy
like it's a a mission from Deus Ex or
something like that okay we're done
rainbow baby sure let's take blank card
but anyway what I was gonna say is that
we should take this brains firing on on
all cylinders right now apparently
alright so just remember we do not want
to go down we are looking for crawl
spaces black markets but we're also
looking for something better than an a
wowser and take us to the to the top
here I think it's just long legs is fine
occasional extra spiders to make up for
our our loss of flies here and I don't
know do we have a chance of 46,000 for
you forty five thousand whatever we need
to get into the top there sig it's
conceivable we kind of we've done
everything house very dangerous we've
done everything more or less right here
and if we're not going to commit to like
using blank card eihwaz to try to get to
the chest which again we don't even want
to get to the chest
we want to get to the dark room
but I don't think I'm like crossing my
wires here can you use a shoul eihwaz
rune to get to the dark room I believe
the answer is No however we could get a
self-sacrifice room so the a wands rune
basically was just existing for me to
maybe find a black market or something
like that I suppose it's not that
important right now
now is blank are just is that important
right now no but at least it gives us
points and the points are worth
something perhaps not a lot but the
points are indeed worth something so if
we're not going to do a self-sacrifice
room the shoul we're sorry it's self
sacrifice room to the dark room what we
should probably do is what we're doing
right now but make sure that we fight
delirium so if we wanted to it might
also as grade and that's the same which
means with great tears up as well do
that's awesome it might be wise to just
look for a blank card combination that
actually just gives us HP because we are
going to take damage on void we are
going to take damage jon voight you know
the star of such oscar-nominated films
is the deer hunter and also anacondas
which I've heard dozen won none unless
you got buns hun which means that it
wants all of it right because it's a
double negative I don't understand how
the double negative works in rap music
though I might be ignorant of that you
got to go for the guppy dream you got to
not take that and we don't want brother
Bobby even though it gives us permanent
polaroid invincibility I don't care
about brother Bobby we'll take our extra
black card here and two extra bombs
crack into that I'm skeptical that that
last room has any matter to it
whatsoever
do keep in mind we are going to go to
the hush fight and the hush fight is
also one in which we benefit from having
longer range so
I mean this is like we've gotten maybe
three range upgrades or four range
upgrades as azazel that'll be our fifth
one right there and there's the guppy
dream as well so that's awesome but just
pop that right away you can get it but
we're still like light on range this is
not an incredibly impressive amount of
range for us to have I think we're just
going to ignore the HP upgrades at this
point because we're probably better off
in this situation I think we're getting
like I don't know maybe 30 points per
justice charge that's not likely to make
much of a difference but if I can use
this to choose my way past one of you
you know scumbags on the leaderboards
and I'm going to be happy because every
every person that I beat on the daily
leaderboards you got a fight for every
ounce of respect you get in this
freaking game man I'm telling you maybe
we take I'm drowsy onto the hush fight I
don't know we're dropping a left hand
this is largely irrelevant but if it was
regardless or I'm drowsy onto the
Delirium fight might be the right call
I've heard there was a subreddit post on
the Isaacs subreddit nobody talks about
Isaac on the lower the lion subreddit
which is fair they've had their chances
to talk about that over the past you
know eight years but and it said I
didn't read the post cuz let's be honest
I'm a very busy man
I only read the headlines a find that
makes the news no less comprehensive but
much much more efficient dude stop with
the enemies that hit us when we hit them
that's not fair it's supposed to be like
a it's a unary operator we hit them they
do not hit us
I did not mean to pick that up that is
actually Obama
we need a justice card or something now
or just very lucky against this deal of
the devil would also work just fine but
and said I'm drowsy against hush I'm
drowsy against a void I should say is
Opie and by void of course I mean
delirium probably a new record for the
most miss named items over the course of
this episode but hopefully a new record
for points as well let's go explore
everything we got plenty of time this
time found our secret room secret room
is I mean at this point money doesn't
strike me as being extremely important
but that did give us a net gain in terms
of our points but we'll use on drowsy
against delirium and it might seem like
hey we're missing out on all those
judgment points and you wouldn't be
wrong except for the fact that we can
drop I'm drowsy as soon as we get down
to the void floor and pick up another
card and use that for the rest of our
time down there so I don't know if
that's going to matter to too much but
if it does then that's good uh kind of a
weird choice here but I'm going to play
him nonetheless don't blow up the demon
judgement did not blow up the demon
judgment is that if this guy gives me HP
I might be able to productively lose my
eternal heart but it would be at the
cost of getting the HP which strikes me
is not that valuable I mean we could get
HP like do you see what I mean here
there's a well they're their other half
hearts there's half hearts it might be
worth it to try to play this demon
judgment although I don't really know
what we'd be looking for full hearts so
many full hearts let's just go with what
we got here we can pick up the other
eternal heart which would mature our
existing art then we play the demon
judgment and try to get something out of
it but that strikes me as a not just a
little tomb in Maxie but like literally
unlikely to provide us with much benefit
so this is a good time for us we got
$0.99 we can probably afford to spend
because mr. e sacks paying out with a
bunch of money and then we will go to
the void
or after this well I mean it's a good
trinket even if it gives us nothing
right now
we probably didn't need to pick all that
up just right off the bat here but yeah
so these are both garbage I would rather
take none of those moms knife sort of
ruins guppy brimstone so I think in this
case will actually take juicy sack which
is kind of hilarious we've got a luck
upgrade penny
we got a son card I'm actually going to
buy a battery charge um just to give the
stats upgrade from dim bulb I don't
think we really have anything to do with
our with our son card so I'm going to
take on Drowsy into the boss fight but I
don't expect it to be too relevant and
you might be saying why not at least
like take the scissors and then oh man
that was nasty why not at least take the
scissors you're not necessarily in the
wrong there but I don't want to
necessarily gate us out from being able
to get a strange attractor I actually I
mean I expect strange attractor is
horrible because it's almost always
horrible but if it's not
we would want to know so I have been
taking some damage again this is a
zeizel you start the run always so
strong you're usually all out so bad you
usually finish the run so strongly as
well come on come on pop up pop up ah
but there is danger in being azazel and
it's all tied to the range if you can
pop off with respect to as a zoe's range
you stand like no chance of losing the
run basically if you get regular
brimstone for us right now it's not that
we're in a bad position at all it's just
like it's very hard to avoid shots
without having any sort of defensive
item to work with us here you know if we
have the soul we'd be in a much better
situation if we had you know gimpy we'd
probably be in a better situation but
you know no point in crying over spilled
milk right shot might finish the job
thanks to our flies oh my god it's got a
hit way too much there I think there
might be stuff to buy back here though
there's a spirit heart so I'm fine with
that
son card all right so we're up to the
void floor and at this point really
banking on that I'm drowsy pill to come
through in the clutch on the Delirium
fight because otherwise you might be in
a tight spot you also if I remember
correctly like the last time we fought
delirium we gained like no point bonus
after finishing after finishing the
floor which I still think like not to
belabor the point here you should get
like a little point bonus or fighting
delirium I'm just saying not salty about
it life goes on
but it strikes me as a very sensible
option anyway regardless of that what
that means basically is that 45000 is
looking on likely and there's like you
can sharp the course of a northern lion
daily well we're doing amazing
wait what happened we got no chance of
the top score anymore so what I'm
thinking by the way is that I will
probably try to open up like every
bathroom like not go into it but at
least find every bathroom identify where
they are and then we'll start carting
around I'm drowsy but if it seems like
there's no chance that it's going to be
void or there's going to be delirium you
feeling okay brain hilariously after the
you know sleeping anecdote actually have
to admit and sleep that well last night
you know quality of sleep fine length of
sleep a little light
maybe that's it's impacting like the
higher-order functions in my brain but
you know apparently most of like the
Isaac you know brainstem function is
still working out relatively well here
we actually have a get-out-of-jail-free
card now in the form of the fool so we
might as well and we're doing really
well on consumables as well maybe forty
five thousand is plausible but we might
as well peep every boss fight I think
this will give us points it did we might
as well keep every boss fight at this
point because if we find delirium that's
actually just better for us we'll just
teleport out like this could conceivably
be delirium it was not thankfully
blugh map will help us find the secret
room is it worth the point trade-off I
believe not keep in mind by the way you
might be going to over 42,000 at this
point this guy's doing a great job like
he's got a chance as a top the front
page right now well first off it's a
little early in the day so even if we
get the front page I would expect it to
not last the whole day but I'm not
trying to downplay what of course is you
know a nice superstar here but at the
same time I will probably also get hit
like eight times in the Delirium fight
and that will result in us effectively
losing like maybe a couple thousand
points historically that seems to be
roughly around the right level so don't
necessarily get your hopes up too early
here I don't even know if those give us
points at this point but this could be
delirium it's not delirium it's
checkpoint five which I will take tech
point five is good enough to get past
the filter for like is this worth
negative thirty points yeah yeah it is
especially you know when we've got 28
damaged some of the time this should not
be delirium so I believe that that's
guaranteed deals with the angel that's
the Eucharist right for an item that
doesn't show up that frequently it has a
pretty important impact unfortunately
it's weird because it oftentimes shows
up on deals with the Angels so so it's a
strange way to glean precedent but can
be interesting nonetheless did I get a
hit in there in like in that room with
the slot machine
this is like the ultimate temptation
it's the temptation of Doctor Parnassus
I was meant to be a joke about Goethe my
German humour has not been on point in
this episode so far gate easy kill but I
say that because let's take a range
upgrade we should be able to get to
nearly 45,000 points just before the
Delirium fight so the problem with that
is that if I just hit alt f4 or whatever
you do to quit the daily sadly taro
cloth is not worth it
whatever you do to quit the daily take
on drowsy now we would be on the front
page but we would be on the front page
after recapitulation of our values as a
society I cannot abide by this I don't
know what that's like Bernie Sanders
meets of an impression of Al Capone by
somebody who's never heard what Al
Capone sounds like so what we got to do
well what I mean to say is what it all
comes down to my friends oh is that
everything's going to be fine fine fine
because I got one hand in my pocket and
the other ones getting us 500 points in
the Delirium fight somehow Jagged Little
Pill alanis morissette classic Canadian
album we lost 500 points for getting
here once bad sign I do want to point
out I'm not completely convinced or even
going to beat delirium I think we got a
good shot but I'm not convinced
and it's not worth it okay let's go for
it let's see how good this time Drowsy
pill really is huh Daly's breaking down
on delirium fight okay we need this
let's go all right subreddit poster
whose post
I didn't read but saw the title of prove
it
you said I'm drowsy so pee against
delirium I mean it probably helps if you
have the range necessary to get in here
without taking damage admittedly they
were crossing him we're doing a ton of
damage his range is not enough to get to
us and seems like a lot of his tell
afraid and can't get us either tech
point 5 is at least doing something for
generating occasional spiders see what
they were right I'm drowsy it's the dang
it it's the feel-good story of the year
the I'm drowsy pill actually has a
reason to use it it's like a chaos card
for delirium but it's actually better
than the chaos card on delirium because
that just does like you know 15% of his
HP or something like that please please
I've earned it by a nobility I've earned
it on this run you owe me a top 30 score
he's dead Jim forty three thousand seven
hundred ninety-two 169 to be fair we
didn't lose many points for the delirium
flight so I don't feel like you know we
we whipped on being on the top 10 as a
result of our honor instead not top 10
but top 30 instead great score you know
we're going to be roughly in the
vicinity percentage-wise of where we've
been recently and the consistency keeps
hanging here for now thanks for watching
I hope you enjoyed the daily if you did
click the like button how's that a great
deal and of course subscribe if you want
to see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching good luck on your
dailies and I'll see you next time